https://flexboxfroggy.com/
---
justify-content property
aligns items horizontally

flex-start: Items align to the left side of the container.
flex-end: Items align to the right side of the container.
center: Items align at the center of the container.
space-between: Items display with equal spacing between them.
space-around: Items display with equal spacing around them.
---
align-items 
aligns items vertically

flex-start: Items align to the top of the container.
flex-end: Items align to the bottom of the container.
center: Items align at the vertical center of the container.
baseline: Items display at the baseline of the container.
stretch: Items are stretched to fit the container.
---
flex-direction.
defines the direction items are placed in the container

row: Items are placed the same as the text direction.
row-reverse: Items are placed opposite to the text direction.
column: Items are placed top to bottom.
column-reverse: Items are placed bottom to top.
---
Notice that when you set the direction to a reversed row or column, start and end are also reversed.
---
Notice that when the flex direction is a column, justify-content changes to the vertical and align-items to the horizontal.
---
Sometimes reversing the row or column order of a container is not enough. In these cases, we can apply the order property to individual items. By default, items have a value of 0, but we can use this property to set it to a positive or negative integer value.
--
individual items is align-self. This property accepts the same values as align-items and its value for the specific item.
--
flex-wrap
spread out

nowrap: Every item is fit to a single line.
wrap: Items wrap around to additional lines.
wrap-reverse: Items wrap around to additional lines in reverse.
---
flex-flow

accepts the value of one of the two properties separated by a space.
For example, you can use flex-flow: row wrap to set rows and wrap them.
---
align-content to set how multiple lines are spaced apart from each other. This property takes the following values:

flex-start: Lines are packed at the top of the container.
flex-end: Lines are packed at the bottom of the container.
center: Lines are packed at the vertical center of the container.
space-between: Lines display with equal spacing between them.
space-around: Lines display with equal spacing around them.
stretch: Lines are stretched to fit the container.
---
align-content determines the spacing between lines
align-items determines how the items as a whole are aligned within the container. 
When there is only one line, align-content has no effect.
---
